Hi there, this is the second review of my video
where I tell about the goods ordered by me
with aliexpress can be the best product
which I ordered which I use
to this day but the only thing here is
how well a good thing yes she is not with her
take this video camera pen
the only thing that it can be useful
This record sound what so here in
hands hold it up or for example something
write and the sound will be writing
let's say something
video of course inconvenient to shoot I
checked that is it is necessary that this
day should be latch something on kurt
on a jacket pocket let's say but here
will be red
see red burn in my opinion that 's how
so now you can see the green gives ie as
once people start blinking right away
will understand this everywhere protection on mobile
phones such
so purely for the sound ordered such
USB flash drive 8 GB which means it
transition from usb mini usb
I did a review on it and showed through
samsung galaxy s2
she plays that is toss
film through the laptop and immediately you can
reproduce
either through and then the cable can also
connect via usb
I have already ordered the clock
two years ago
watches they are genetic on how men's
such motors can say they are
walking starts this thing spinning and
it is a factory accordingly
manual factory
year month day day and something else here
there is year year month day day of everything
four parameters year month day day then
there is and accordingly dial reference
will i don't know he is not but the seller
there is nothing cracked yes at me
by the way ordered another person one ordered
such watches came to him too
liked very pleased with the phone
phone good office matrix all
like that is, he has
picture quality is good but
the only negative is 4g
but in our networks it does not support this
network this network that is here in it i
Well of course you will get to a small number of
for he returned as the phone he is normal
that is, the toys all go I set y
he root rights
that is, everything is even connected to the car
I have a program here for
connections from the machine via obd2
everybody is a good phone
good still use here stands
gorilla voice if you can see that she is
a little bit scratched in principle
happy mouse over for more likely
just for some trips before
enjoyed eating wife was very comfortable
there is a principle small but for small
arms
Of course she does not use
very comfortable but you get used to see well
know that i just ordered why i
also how to show what we tell her
enjoyed yes and I think that if
somewhere let's go and you will need
either this or this of course probably
better this network is it first less
It will take the place and this I ordered bluetooth
the mouse that is the essence itself is connected to
connect and turned off yes and I turn it on
he has a wife just at the moment it's me
ordered her such a mouse
the work is on 2 mizinchikovyh mizinchikovyh
batteries that is she has here
usb adapter adapter which is made
into a laptop and connects accordingly
With this mouse, everything is standard here
she also does not use two buttons
standard buttons left and right
so
This is sufficient and important for
me that i ordered this here this adapter
that is, I am mounting all the videos on a laptop
on a queue a little bit more powerful than
asus which netbook eat less burned out
I adapter well as burned I did not
understood just stopped working and everything is not
Turns on and I decided why I decided even
don't remember just took on the internet found
on aliexpress here is an adapter I'm not
I can pull it out because I have
the laptop is clean his sister works
the laptop is already about five years old
so he can’t have without an adapter
I got a direct connection it cost 100
time 11 dollars for all these goods
I will be sure to reference
I will give it if I am not exactly on this one
there on this seller I will find
alternative good sellers
exactly which with a good reputation then
there are who can order but all
equally advise you to pay attention to
reviews that is to
positive here that is comments up
percentages that is this
man from the store that is like his
purchases go that is like not from sales and
accordingly I will give you all this and
so that's all for it all i wanted
I'll show you a little further
so small also tell you show
subscribe comment and post
fingers everyone thanks for watching and everyone
until